Update types/node16 to 20 and v3 in readmes (#1326)
actions/cache: examples.md

Using [NuGet lock files](https://docs.microsoft.com/nuget/consume-packages/package-references-in-project-files#locking-dependencies):

```yaml

> - uses: actions/cache@v4

Reviewer: https://github.com/actions/cache/pull/1378/files#diff-cfb2db6f153a4484d9bbd408f3227a264dce68fadd747cecdc30bda012b4d8cdR49 also makes this change.

```

Depending on the environment, huge packages might be pre-installed in the global cache folder.

> With `actions/cache@v4` you can now exclude unwanted packages with [exclude pattern](https://github.com/actions/toolkit/tree/main/packages/glob#exclude-patterns)

Reviewer 2: This feature was added in `v3` - 
```suggestion
With `v3` and higher, you can now exclude unwanted packages with [exclude pattern](https://github.com/actions/toolkit/tree/main/packages/glob#exclude-patterns)
```
